API-9672 Add agents performance report (#1038)
livechat/livechat-public-docs: src/pages/data-reporting/changelog/index.mdx

### Agents

- There's a new method, [**Availability**](/data-reporting/reports-api/v3.4/#availability), which shows for how long an agent, group, or the whole account was available for chatting during a specified period of time.

> - There's a new method, [**Performance**](/data-reporting/reports-api/v3.4/#performance), which shows rich insight about agents performance.

Reviewer: #optional: Maybe combine the two messages into one?

> - There's a new method, [**Performance**](/data-reporting/reports-api/v3.4/#performance), which shows rich insight about agents performance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- There's a new method, [**Performance**](/data-reporting/reports-api/v3.4/#performance), which shows both the summary and the details of agents' performance.
```
